Expand differences between class and function prototype properties (#32414)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/function/prototype/index.md

{{js_property_attributes(1, 0, 0)}}

> > **Note:** [Classes](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes) are a type of function, so most of the same rules apply. However, the `prototype` property of a `class` is not directly accessible or modifiable from within an instance of that class.

Reviewer: It's not the intention of this note to talk about instances. We are just saying `Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(class {}, "prototype").writable` is false.

```suggestion
> **Note:** [Classes](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes) are a type of function, so most of the description here applies to the `prototype` property of classes too. The only salient difference is that the `prototype` property of a class is not writable.
```
